bedroom
You wake up from your sleep with a sense of loneliness. You brush it off as simply a little bit of anxiety, but you feel different somehow. You turn on your tv, but nothing will show on the screen other than one instruction: "help". You can't help but feel like this word will do something...
You reach for the door handle, then you realise. Where is your hand? Where is your body? You're entirely incorporeal. You're just reading text on a black void. You're viewing yourself entirely from the third person. You are in the backrooms, a concept you thought was an urban myth. How did you get here? Scratch that, it isn't important. What's important is how you get out.
corridor
Upon entering the next room, despite not having any senses, you can feel that you are no longer alone. Something's watching you. But from where?
An entity! It was hidden among the rest of the infinite nonsense. Now that you've noticed it you can't unsee it, at least of this type. It seems like it wants to fight. Try typing ""fight".
The next door! At this rate, you'll be out of here in no time. Only <UNDEFINED> more rooms to go. Wait, how many? Doesn't that mean infinite? Looks like you're gonna need to get a little creative to get out.
living room
Goodness, these rooms are getting weirder and weirder. Where even am I? 
Nice work on that puzzl- w-w-w-w-w-we-we-We interrupt this train of thought to warn you that if you continue upon this path, you'll feel more than just us watching you.
lobby
What just happened? Was that an entity? Entities? How many? You can't tell...
Something feels intense. The entities definitely didn't expect you to win that fight. What have you brought upon yourself now?
storage room
While you know you should feel afraid of what may happen to you, you've come too far to give up now. There's no point in feeling afraid anymore. You're either getting out of here alive or you aren't and survival isn't going to happen to anybody just sitting around feeling terrified.
You can feel a cold glow coming off of whatever's in this office. You have to swallow your fear and take a step inside, for better or for worse.
office
You step inside and it feels nothing less or more than a regular, professional office. With a twist. Broken laptops on all the desks, a printer with a picture of a man with a very wide smile being constantly printed. What's this about an impostor? Anyway, you should start looking around,
With your newfound determination you feel ready for anything. You enter the hall, prepared for any hardships you may face.
hall 
Despite this hall being relatively short, you feel like you could run for hours and not get anywhere.
You finally made it across that endless hall, thankfully there's an infirmary here to heal us back to full health.
infirmary 
There are so many beds here... it would sure be nice to rest for a bit.
You can feel an extremely evil prescence on the other side of this door...
demise 
You walk out to an entirely white void. The door closes behind you, and all you can see is white, as far as the eye can see. A small child, LIAM, walks out from behind what seems to be a corner, and looks toward you with clear aggressive intent. Don't you feel bad fighting a child? I hope not.
you make it out - good/bad ending