room1: You're in your bedroom. At least you think so. There's a blunt knife on the floor, but it still looks like it could do a little damage. The south door leads to the corridor, and for some reason you feel like you can go there just by saying "corridor". Your bed is in the corner of your room, as it always has been. There's not much you can do with it though. On it, you see a mysterious cube with inscriptions.
room2: You're in the corridor. You can't see around the corner, but you don't feel alone anymore. That's scary. There's a key on the floor with two little wings on it. The corridor leads out to a lobby.
room3: It seems you have entered the lobby of this ehtereal plane, which seperates the corridor you just came from and the narrow hall, which is located on the other side of a locked door in front of you. In the corner of the dark, disorienting room, a smooth cubic box lies, with a kitchen knife next to it, as if in wait as it calls out to you. A wave of horror waves over you as you realise the twisted, maniacal nature of this room... it's a puzzle section!
room4: You look around what seems to be the living room, and there is one door on each wall for a total of four doors. One leads back to the lobby where you just came, one leads to a storage room, one leads to an office, and the other leads to a hallway. There's a couch and a television, and on the television is a strange video of a lady covered in tentacles. Upon closer inspection, her expression flattens, she stares directly at you, and she jumps out of the tv! No time to react, you ready your weapon to strike.
room5: In the storage room, you see a vault with a digital keypad. It seems that you can solve this puzzle by figuring out the code.
room6: Past the suspicious printer and broken laptops is an old desktop PC, presumably part of another puzzle. There isn't much else to say, but you should get started.
room7: You're in a hallway, and even though the door is mere metres away it feels as though you will never reach the exit. However the infirmary ahead is slowly nearing and with enough perseverance you can overcome this illusion and face your final challenge.
room8: The infirmary spans endlessly in both directions, however if you try to go more than a few metres in either direction you encounter a strong wind that pushes you back to the center. There's a hospital bed that you can "sleep" in and a scalpel that seems quite a bit more pointy than your current knife. When you're ready, go to meet your "demise".
room9: THE SYSTEM lies dead in front of you. You are free to 'escape', if you wish. You know what you have to do.